The prayer is the same, because even though it is the same, due to our mishandling, then it went
two directions.
And then because of the two directions, then we got two different results.
But the reality is the same, there is no different sources.
And that is now how this is done. Again, this is generally the Dzogchen teaching, or universal
teaching, always that we learned, we heard that so many times.
What is this? This is the ordinary nature. What is that nature?
The jjic, the one source. What is the one source? This one source is a commonly gendered Dzogchen,
generally Buddha teaching, or Mahayan teaching, as well as Vedayan teaching.
This is known as the ordinary nature, or absolute nature, or it is tathangatagarbha, Buddha nature.
And the luminosity status, or absolute alaya, ordinal alaya, this is what is the condition, that is
one source.
What the great Mahasma Kumbh Kumbha says, and this ordinary nature is the absolute alaya, is a clay
luminosity status.
Status, there is no even names of the samsara, nirvanas.
But however, due to the duality of the Muslim handling, then duality arises from that ordinary
nature of our own basic mind.
Duality is like as a clodus in the sky, even though the clodus is not connected to the sky or is
not clearly touched, is not glued, but it covered.
Then similarly, the duality clodus is covered in the ordinary nature of this one soul.
That one soul is completely covered.
When it is covered, what is duality? Then duality is the beginning of all these obscurations.
Or in the Buddha teaching, it generates Buddha teaching, very big in the Buddha teaching.
That is then, from duality, arises all these cause of suffering truths, negative emotions, all that
arises.
Negative emotions, I mean it is explained in the letter so many times, all those negative emotions,
anger and guilt.
This between clodus of these things, then we create more clodus and more mist in the rain and
thunderstorms of the karmas.
And those each karmas again become back and forth, then it can support each other as known as in
the general Buddha teaching, interdependent coordination.
Interconnected, all supporting each other, maintaining each other, produce the kind of support,
then continue to accelerate and fundamental that all cause,
each of those causes are connected with dualities, all duality or the ignored minds.
Then this in the teaching said here, so here, "Konasinkunde", all these samsara and nirvana are
done then.
So they are same. Then part is two parts. One is a deluded part, one is an undeluded part.
Part of the delusion is known as then all these negative emotions, the rasping, clinging, negative
emotions, and that change.
And then the part of the non-delusion is then, as we talk, joy, appreciation, love and compassion,
both each other.
And realization of emptiness, nature of love, are part of the undelusions, delusions.
And then we continue to follow with that, that if we follow the delusion, there is no end of sams
ara.
In this teaching said here too, on the praise, there is no end of samsara, it's continuing.
It started the delusion, but the delusion never ends.
And because we maintain it, even though we have not had intentionally maintained it, but we have
unintentionally maintained it
with the grasping, clinging, and rejection and acceptance, this and that, all that, then we
maintain it
and create all the samsara necessity, samsara code, samsara condition, and it is a result, it is
going on and on.
There is no end. And we can go to the fact that nature undilute the way, joy, appreciation, love
and kindness, compassion,
and non-detachment, all the emptiness, realization, then it brings all again, then developing all
the nirvana parts,
all the enlightened parts, those five parts, ten bhimmis, one after another, it comes.
So those are the summary, but of course, it is explaining more detail in the attitude, more detail
in this.
Yes. And the right which you want to go to.
So therefore, I, Kondharsanku, Buddha Kondharsanku, pray, may everyone reach the enlightenment.
Everyone got the realization of the true nature, as valid as it is, and it liberated all the dual
ity of consumption,
and we get enlightenment within the Dharmakaya status. And which is, I should look here.